Add JVM metrics to metrics exporter (#2694)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/modules/metrics.md

Available Metrics
-----------------

Opencast metrics are retrieved directly from the service registry and describe the current work load of the Opencast 
cluster. There should usually be no need for monitoring Opencast metrics on several servers of a cluster. All will

> produce identical metrics. The standard JVM metrics, however, are specific to each server.

Reviewer: This is now kind of confusing (This does A except that it actually does B).
Let's reword the whole section to make it easier to understand.
What about:

```suggestion
Opencast related metrics describe the whole cluster and will be identical on all nodes
while JVM metrics are specific to each node.
```

opencast_asset_manager_events{organization="mh_default_org",} 1.0
```

> Additionally, standard JVM metrics are exported providing information about e.g. memory and CPU usage, threads,
> classloading, etc. The JVM metrics collectors are documented [here](https://prometheus.github.io/client_java/).
> A corresponding monitoring mixin with dashboards and alerting rules can be found
> [here](https://github.com/grafana/jsonnet-libs/tree/master/jvm-mixin).

Reviewer: It's always nice to see where you go instead of having a generic “click here” link:

```suggestion
Additionally, standard JVM metrics are exported providing information about e.g. memory and CPU usage, threads,
classloading, etc. For more information, take a look at the [Java client's JavaDoc](https://prometheus.github.io/client_java/).
A corresponding monitoring mixin with dashboards and alerting rules can be found at
[github.com/grafana/jsonnet-libs](https://github.com/grafana/jsonnet-libs/tree/master/jvm-mixin).
```

Though I don't think the JavaDocs are actually that helpful for end-users and it would be nice to link a metrics descriptions instead.
